Joey she looks great huh yeah she looks
really good come on you had five years
to pull the trigger with Jody you have
plenty of reasons for calling her I
think there's been a mistake because
that's kids table that's not the kids
table
it's the singles table what if the guy
who could never commit just the idea of
marriage it's just so permanent finally
took the chance how did you get into
environmental research I wanted to do
something that I would really love she's
gorgeous fun she's a great person at
some point you're just gonna have to
close your eyes and jump I've only known
her for six weeks
you should be thanking God that a woman
this fantastic would even consider you
you may kiss the bride
[Music]
[Applause]
you believe it I finally took the plunge
you got the next three weeks off for
road trip down to Cabo yeah pretty good
boys they're gonna be hearing a lot of
it for the next 40 or 50 years cute
that's icing ten years I hope it's more
than ten years they're probably right
I'm really bad at math anything come on
[Music]
you snorted that's how I got the
deviated septum
[Music]
what I didn't hear anything
so how's Lyla I'm telling you the second
we got married it's like a switch
flipped she's a nightmare back wait what
are you serious
DreamWorks Pictures presents I'm Eddie
nice to meet you about finding the right
girl
so this other girl doesn't bother her
that you're a newlywed exactly made it
clear to her yet at the wrong time where
have you been haha from the second I
fell for Miranda I have not once achieve
down there with my wife The Heartbreak
Kid
[Music]